Redirecting Standard Error
According to the POSIX specification,
the file descriptors for Standard Input,
Standard Output, and Standard Error
are defined as zero, one,
and two respectively.
These numbers are important as they can be
used to manipulate the corresponding
data streams from the command line
while executing or joining different
commands together.
To get a better grasp of how the file
descriptor numbers work,
consider this example which redirects
the standard error.
Note that error.txt only contains the
error message generated on Standard Error.
We did this by prepending the stream
number to the right-angle bracket operator
where 2 corresponds to Standard Error.